add working group of sequence (#110)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-tidb-sequence.md

# TiDB Sequence Working Group

## Goals

> Support Sequence in TiDB

Reviewer: Suggest putting this sentence behind the next two.

> * Many customers could probably make do with using Auto_Increment as unique id generator,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Many customers could probably make do with using `AUTO_INCREMENT` as unique id generator,
```

Author: Addressed.

> * Many customers could probably make do with using Auto_Increment as unique id generator,

Reviewer 2: @dcalvin Would you like to help us polish the words in this paragraph?

> but in some cases, existing applications try to use sequences to fetch generated id back 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, in some cases, existing applications try to use sequences to fetch the generated ID
```

or prefer strictly incrementing integers.

## Meetings

* Regular Working Group Meeting: 5:00, Wednesdays at PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). [Convert to your timezone](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=5:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
* Meeting Zoom: [ https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/4765086897]( https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/4765086897)
* Meeting Notes: [Meeting Notes and Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1h09ST495ah9d0KJIWHn4w_YZVJlxPvoa4-5FVOF0sac/edit?usp=sharing)

## Mentors

* [winkyao](http://github.com/winkyao), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

## Organizers

* [ailinkid](https://github.com/AilinKid), [PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)

> * [andrewdi](https://github.com/AndrewDi), [Personal](pandipd@outlook.com)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [andrewdi](https://github.com/AndrewDi), [Personal](mailto:pandipd@outlook.com)
```

Author: Addressed.

## Members

* [ailinkid](https://github.com/AilinKid)
* [andrewdi](https://github.com/AndrewDi)

## Contact

* Slack: channel **#wg-tidb-sequence** in the

>   [tidbcommunity](https://pingcap.com/tidbslack) slack workspace.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [tidbcommunity](https://join.slack.com/t/tidbcommunity/shared_invite/enQtNzc0MzI4ODExMDc4LWYwYmIzMjZkYzJiNDUxMmZlN2FiMGJkZjAyMzQ5NGU0NGY0NzI3NTYwMjAyNGQ1N2I2ZjAxNzc1OGUwYWM0NzE) slack workspace.
```

Author: Addressed.
